further post repo move cleanup (#12931)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster.html.markdown

* `addon_profile` - (Optional) A `addon_profile` block as defined below.

> * `api_server_authorized_ip_ranges` - (Optional) The IP ranges to whitelist for incoming traffic to the main nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `api_server_authorized_ip_ranges` - (Optional) The IP ranges to allow for incoming traffic to the server nodes.
```
